In one of the previous videos i talked
about scopes and variables. And i want
to quickly go back to this. In this example
here, we have a lot of different scopes.
We have the "global scope" which is kind of a root
layer of our code. Then we have the functions.
And remember the curly brackets usually
indicate that there's an additional scope
layer/level being added here. If we go into the
draw function, we have the first scope inside the
draw function, we now have a for-loop inside the
for-loop we have another for-loop. And inside the
for-loop we now have the if-conditions. And
the if conditions also have curly brackets,
this means there's an additional layer
here. If i would define something here,
i could only access this variable, the variable
value, inside those curly brackets here.
Neither the for-loop, neither the "draw"
function could access the value variable,
because it's only accessible inside the if-clause.
If i would define something on this level here,
then all the scope levels after this,
that go deeper, have access to the value,
but for example on the global scope, because then
it's one up again, we don't have access to value.
This is really important when you sometimes have
the problem, that a variable is for some reason
not defined, you might want to check your
scopes and where you defined your variable.